# [Eyes for a Moon](http://www.reddit.com/r/twitchplayspokemon/comments/2dkunc/eyes_for_a_moon_stevemoonbat_story_part_3/)
## by [/u/kilozombie](http://www.reddit.com/user/kilozombie)


Rushing, stunting dark lunar-lit ocean waters brushed up against Canalave's port, Moonbat hovering as he cared to where it all began and ended, considering dimly where Pearl had gone, and Steve finished up with the boat operator. "Three girls younger than fourteen left Sinnoh a week after Pearl died. I don't know any of the names." Moon landed on Steve's shoulder and the two peered at the list. "*Anabelle. Chloe. Rebecca.* Doesn't ring a bell either." And Moon looked, for a moment, at the waves gently trying to escape the water before the duo made their egress.

Moonbat and Steve were united in their own ways and for their own reasons, but Moon clasped to psychic metal as the rain fell under moonfall and the two of them traveled on their own path. More travel. Spending time in hotels paying for the stay with their popularity, long nights ruling out culprits, wondering what to do with the minivan, eating takeout. Long nights. And time went fast, and they were awake again, back on Jubilife to the road from Oreburgh to Hearthome. "Do you know a Chloe C?" they would ask with low-droning tones, and whom they asked would back off from their animalistic and dark looks.

Only when the moon would fall would they find their solace, in-between alleyways and travelling. They didn't decide to go to Unova. But it was left on Steve, and it was left on Moonbat'shoulders to find something. To Oreburgh again, where the ticketman told them children couldn't ride the train, and they would have thrown their hats down there. Drifters again, and at night they travelled, past a Torterra mothering a Pachirisu, or the occasional glimpse of Bill's watchers as the duo silently made their way into Sinnoh.

"Jimmy C," murmured Steve as the television in their hotel room droned on, and wavering breath faltered. "Now known as Jimmy Castadel, he is the *newest* Host. Now world-renowned for being the *FIRST* Trainer to neglect evolu..." He flicked it off with one thought, and then another drifted past his mind, and it was unreasonable, and it was Chloe C. The moon fell again, and the duo went to Canalave. More info, more coffee as it sifted through the Crobat's low figure, etching out the words ("Dragonslayer!") on the paper of "Chloe Castadel" to Unova, and for a second Moon looked excited, and he realized in-between worlds the gravity of their discovery.

"What, so Pearl died before we left. You can't plan the Voices. Jimmy- they both, neither of them could have known." Moonbat reassured him with human reasoning, but he didn't really like human reasoning, so his words came across as weak.

Steve was still on and staring at the port as a boat was prepared for them. "All the Voices research is hidden behind the media coverage, the spinoffs, the fame. It's taught in schools now. Kids want to be 'possessed'. It's a game to them." And Moonbat didn't know what to say, so he left the apartment to wait on the dock, and Steve felt justified, and all at once he was pissed- pissed at these kids who wanted to be something they weren't.

When he'd finally decided to go down to the dock, the boat was ready, but the familiar huge figure of Sunshine had appeared, speaking tones with Moon, and the light in the darkness turned him off, so Steve just listened.

"I know what you two are going to do. I know where you're going. I'm here to tell you to stop- this won't end well, not with the Voices around. You know that!" And the sun, blazing sun with its lunar rays, grew brighter, bigger and more in tune with the voice of a lover, and the duo felt together again, but it did not rain here and it never got dark enough. "This isn't... we have our reasons, Sunshine." And he didn't dare ask where Solareon was. 

"I don't care about reasons. Napoleon needs you- needs us, anyway. Come home. Come home and *stay* home." But they didn't. Steve had that look in his eyes, and Sunshine gave up, almost teary-eyed, left the port without a lover to follow her. And the duo had swollen eyes for the moon, and they didn't think about it- just boarded the tiny cruiser as its steam engines suddenly rocketed into motion, and they watched Sunshine's emotions break, they watched Canalave disappear, sitting in wait as Sinnoh disappeared over the fog and then over the horizon.

As Sunshine headed home, to Twinleaf, past the rusted signs that read "KEEP SHINX CUTE," she let her spirit crack in half, each step widening the opening as Sunshine, with the eyes of a sun, realized she'd never see her friends again. But the duo moved on, because they had eyes for a moon.

Eyes for a moon, eyes for a greater horizon and a world of interest. Somehow the duo didn't realize, but it was happening that they were friends again, and where all else had snapped, the Bronzong and Crobat grew closer. Just as the continents had split apart, the duo watched as Unova came slowly, lumbering over a better skyline, and the two of them saw their fate etched in the lines of a lunar sunrise.
