# [The Nuvema Town Twitch Fan Club!](http://www.reddit.com/r/twitchplayspokemon/comments/286m8u/tpp_black_part_1_the_nuvema_town_twitch_fan_club/)
## by [/u/SlowpokeIsAGamer](http://www.reddit.com/user/SlowpokeIsAGamer)


**GYMC**: Man, it's finally the day I get my first Pokemon!

**Voices**: ...

**GYMC**: Huh? Is someone there?

**Voices**: Oh, you can hear us! Good, we weren't sure if you would understand us.

**GYMC**: Us?

==GYMC looks out the window, nothing==

**Voices**: We're the Voices, and we'd like to make a deal with you.

**GYMC**: Oh ha ha. You can come out now, Cheren!

**Voices**: We're fairly sure none of us are Cheren. ... No, we're not Cheren.

**GYMC**: Okay Cheren, that's enough. If you don't stop fooling around we're going to be late.

**Voices**: You really think this is a joke, don't you? We're. The. Voices.

**GYMC**: Okay, if you were the Voices, what did you do in issue 137?

**Voices** Issue? Are you SURE you can understand us?

**GYMC**: Yes, issue 137. Solid Snake.

**Voices**: Okay, Solid Snake, huh? The Onix that we evolved into Steelix to defeat AA-j?

**GYMC**: Mmm.... close, it was the issue you evolved him in. One more. What did you think 4-chan was when you met her?

**Voices**: Her? Well clearly a girl in disguise.

**GYMC**: You're pretty good if you aren't the Voices. But I'm the biggest Pokemon Twitch fan around here.

**Voices**: Pokemon Twitch?

**GYMC**: Oh come on, you can't not know about the comics if you're... that... smart... it can't be.

**Voices**: Finally, catching on.

**GYMC**: You're THE Voices!? I'm your biggest fan! I've read all the comics, and I'm the only member of the Nuvema Town Twitch Fan Club!

**Voices**: So you know the drill? You help us, we make you champion?

**GYMC**: Are you kidding, to help the Voices!? I'd do it for free!

**Voices**: Well we'll see about free, but we have some business here. So if you want to help then welcome to the family of hosts.....

**GYMC**: Jimmy.